[documentation] Add an advanced configuration for disabling Serverles… (#31044)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/aws_lambda/configuration.md

To instrument AWS Lambda with the OpenTelemetry API, set the environment variable `DD_TRACE_OTEL_ENABLED` to `true`. See [Custom instrumentation with the OpenTelemetry API][48] for more details.

## Visualize and model AWS services correctly

> These versions of the [Node.js](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-js/releases/tag/v12.127.0), [Python](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-python/releases/tag/v8.113.0) and [Java](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-java/releases/tag/v24) Lambda layers released changes to correctly name, model and visualize AWS managed services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These versions of the [Node.js](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-js/releases/tag/v12.127.0), [Python](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-python/releases/tag/v8.113.0), and [Java](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-java/releases/tag/v24) Lambda layers released changes to correctly name, model and visualize AWS managed services. 
```

> These versions of the [Node.js](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-js/releases/tag/v12.127.0), [Python](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-python/releases/tag/v8.113.0) and [Java](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-java/releases/tag/v24) Lambda layers released changes to correctly name, model and visualize AWS managed services. 

Author: Is it risky to say `latest versions` when these versions won't be the latest in a few days?

> These versions of the [Node.js](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-js/releases/tag/v12.127.0), [Python](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-python/releases/tag/v8.113.0) and [Java](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-java/releases/tag/v24) Lambda layers released changes to correctly name, model and visualize AWS managed services. 

Author: thanks for flagging, updated.

> These versions of the [Node.js](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-js/releases/tag/v12.127.0), [Python](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-python/releases/tag/v8.113.0) and [Java](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-lambda-java/releases/tag/v24) Lambda layers released changes to correctly name, model and visualize AWS managed services. 

Reviewer 2: I didn't know that. Yes, leaving it as "These versions" is fine.

After this change, service names reflect the actual AWS resource name rather than only the AWS service:
* `aws.lambda` → `[function_name]`
* `aws.dynamodb` → `[table_name]`
* `aws.sns` → `[topic_name]`
* `aws.sqs` → `[queue_name]`
* `aws.kinesis` → `[stream_name]`
* `aws.s3` → `[bucket_name]`
* `aws.eventbridge` → `[event_name]`

> Some may prefer the older service representation model if their dashboards and monitors are based on the legacy naming convention. To opt out and restore old behavior, use the env var: `DD_TRACE_AWS_SERVICE_REPRESENTATION_ENABLED=false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may prefer the older service representation model if your dashboards and monitors rely on the legacy naming convention. To restore the previous behavior, set the environment var: `DD_TRACE_AWS_SERVICE_REPRESENTATION_ENABLED=false`
```
